Start at Level 1
After first session, we will be at Level 2

Our characters already did a mission together, but it did not go well
Guildmaster Varis Flintmantle believes that there is a dragon cult out there trying to raise Tiamat
She is giving us a second opportunity to help her thwart the dragon cult

Failed mission: earlier that day, we were escorting someone to Oakvale, Lorn Rennic, a minor noble of forest elf ancestry. It should have been simple, but things quickly unraveled. There was a goblin ambush and luckily Lord Rennic revealed himself as skilled swordsman. We managed to fight off the goblins. Lord Rennic unimpressed with teamwork, but was impressed with individual talents. "They have the skills. Now if only they'd remember they're supposed to use them together."

Over embersteeles in The Bloated Goat, we dissect the past events. We meet a gnome Blade named Bramblin who gives us a note and tells us to rendesvous at 7AM the next day. We then meet two Blades humans named Simon and Geoff who give us backhanded compliments and show no confidence in our abilities. Soveliss attempted an intimidation roll with pitiful results.

The next day, we meet Vorath the Blacksmith at the Ironclad Hearth in town. Soveliss almost overslept but was woken up by Titus and Thalia; he was quite alarmed and instinctively summoned Shadow Armor in defense. Vorath (whom Soveliss recognized as the man who defeated death) needs us to get a particular hammer from the Mystic Cavern for his work. We head to the Mystic Cavern. We fought a bunch of kobolds and survived! We found a room with a table with the name of Vorath, Kosha, Ladra, Jayden, Grady, and another name — Umbrasyl. Titus and Hildy got a 1d4 for inspiration for drinking the ale from barrels in one of the rooms. Soveliss drank the same ale a bit later but gained no inspiration. Hildy investigated the desk and found 2 potions of minor healing! We also found a sketch of a dragon-like creature. We found some runes on the north wall; we saw two dragons in battle with armies next to them. Riddles we answered: "I have cities, but no houses. I have forests, but no trees. I have rivers, but no water. What am I?" "The more of this there is, the less you see. What is it?" "I rise without breath, stand without bone, crowned in white or cloaked in stone. I never move, yet wanderers climb. Their lives I measure, step by time. I watch the world from roots to skies, old as silence, cold as lies." Thalia gave us all magic stones to hurl. 
We succeed in getting the hammer (and got to meet Strider). We convene at Vorath's to feast, doing so with Vorath and Varis and we meet Vorath's family (we presume), a middle-aged Tiefling woman and a little Dragonborn/Tiefling named Ash. We are fed and receive an explanation of Varis's test to us. Vorath places parchment onto table, bestowing 4 items onto the group. Varis gives us each a sigil, signifying that we are now truly Blades of Bahamut. She sends us to Greenest. Rumor is that some dragon cult members have shown their faces and are trying to bring Tiamat back.

That evening, before Soveliss retired to his quarters to rest...

The room was full of people enjoying food and drink some light music was playing. Vorath made his way over to the Drow. He toasted him and said, "You know, death and fear, they are intertwined. And beating death isn't all it is cracked up to be. Not wanting to die is beyond logical." Vorath looked at his daughter Ash... "But sometimes, a way to live forever isn't just you. It could many things. I know you have questions and before people notice us talking... I'll give you an opportunity to ask one." Soveliss looks down at the ground, lost in thought for just a moment, then looks up at Vorath and says, “I came to the surface fleeing my past and seeking knowledge to better my existence, but not knowing how or where to start. If you were me, where would you start?” Vorath says, "Ah! That is a great question, and yet a difficult one. The world, as I learned as well is big and vast and full of amazing different people. I was born to drive the world of all evil but I learned that not everyone is evil. Find those who bring the best out of you. Those who challenge your views, but respect you and your values. Lastly, drink the beer. Order the special at any local tavern." Vorath makes a motion to leave, but Soveliss asks one more question, "What do you think would have become of you if you had remained dead the day you defeated death?" Vorath takes a moment of pause and says, "What would've I become? Who knows, I assume... buried somewhere near Waterdeep. But also, a side of me believes... the other side of me... may have found a way for rebirth. I was spared because of Bahamut; I had a mission. I wish I had a better answer but it is difficult... all I could recall was being greeted by a smooth voice, who I knew deeply as the goddess Bahamut. She gave me one of my best friends — Strider — to keep me on the path. Soveliss, if you spend all this time worrying about death, you will miss the joys of this world. Don't squander this gift of life you've been given." Vorath looks at Soveliss with kind, avuncular eyes, then says, "This adventure before you, it will challenge you... but I know from experience. Be Brave. Be Bold." He then rejoins the rest of the party, leaving Soveliss to ponder his words.

Recap of items gained - 7 potions of minor healing (Titus used one so we have six remaining), a magical item for each member of group (to be selected)